chore: add aggregate test coverage collection of gax within the showcase and gax modules (#1430)
googleapis/gapic-generator-java: coverage-report/README.md

> ## Coverage Report

Reviewer: Would you add the nice screenshots you prepared in this pull request description?

Author: Good idea, done.

> This module is meant to gather aggregate jacoco test coverage metrics across the `gax-java` and `showcase` modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module gathers aggregate jacoco test coverage metrics across the `gax-java` and `showcase` modules.
```

Author: Done, thank you!

> This module is meant to gather aggregate jacoco test coverage metrics across the `gax-java` and `showcase` modules.

Reviewer: Would you add why the coverage of the 2 modules, gax-java and showcase, is important?

Author: Added more info on the purpose of the metrics being collected.

### Unit Test Coverage
In order to view aggregate unit test coverage of GAX in both `gax-java` and `showcase`:

1. At the root of the repository, run `mvn clean test -DenableTestCoverage`.

> 2. The metrics can be found at `${HOME}/gapic-generator-java/coverage-report/target/site/jacoco-aggregate/index.html`

Reviewer: I believe the home directory is irrelevant?

Author: Agreed, starting with `gapic-generator-java` should be sufficient.

### Integration Test Coverage

In order to view aggregate integration test coverage of GAX in both `gax-java` and `showcase`:

1. At the root of the repository, run `mvn clean verify -DskipUnitTests -DenableTestCoverage -Penable-integration-tests`.

> 2. The metrics can be found at `${HOME}/gapic-generator-java/coverage-report/target/site/jacoco-aggregate/index.html`

Reviewer: I believe the home directory is irrelevant?
